


When a suggestion is made, that character is immediately transported to that room (on their next
turn, they can either roll and move somewhere else, or make a suggestion in that room)

Taking a secret passage is instead of a dice roll, and is one turn.

You have to leave the room the next turn – you can’t keep making suggestions in the same room.
But you could head away from the room, then head back.

Extension

Start of turn, in room:

One Intrigue Card: Play when starting a turn in a room. You may stay in that room and make suggestion.

When called to refute suggestion:

Two Intrigue Cards: Play instead of answering a suggestion. The suggestion stays unanswered.

When one player has refuted to another player:

Two Intrigue Cards: Play when one player has shown another player a card. You get to see the card. (Kasandra Scarlett's power)

Before rolling:

Two Intrigue Cards: Play instead of rolling the dice. Move anywhere.

After rolling but before move:

Two Intrigue Cards: Play after you roll the dice but before you move. Add 6 to your dice roll.

After rolling, after move:
(Jack Mustard)

End of turn:

Two Intrigue Cards: Play at the end of your turn. Move anyone back to their start space.

Four Intrigue Cards: Play at the end of your turn. Take another turn.

One Intrigue Card: Play at the end of your turn. The player on your right must show you a card.



Eight Clock Cards – these go back into the deck when drawn.

Special powers

Kasandra Scarlet: Once per game, you may look at a card that one player has just shown another player.

Jack Mustard: Once per game, you may move twice. Roll the dice, move, then roll again.

Diane White: Once per game, you may move to any room that does not have a secret passage.

Jacob Green: Once per game, you may start a Rumor using a room you are not in. The suspect of the Rumor is moved to the room you
name.

Eleanor Peacock: Once per game, you may randomly pick a card to look at from someone you just showed a card to.

Victor Plum: Once per game, you may start two Rumors on the same turn.